# Group 23 Meeting Notes 4/29

### Meeting Type

**Sprint Retrospective**

### Attendance

_Present_

- Daniel
- David
- Nicholas
- Benjamin
- Shambhavi
- Sravya Chittuluri
- Ravi
- Teresa

_Absent_

- Brooke
- Esha
- Andy

### Location

Online

### Meeting Time/Place

4/29 9:00 - 10:00 AM

## Agenda

Spring Retrospective

- Think / Group / Vote / Discuss

### Unresolved Business

None

## Action Items

Implement things as discussed in Retrospective (see below)

- First Kickoff (What do we want the project to look like / main ideas / user stories / ideation)

Per Person

- Come prepared with ideas for first meeting
- Add things to the miro board

### Items for Future Discussion

- How to implement pairing for issues

## Retrospective Ideas

Liked:

- Issues/Github was run well
- Communication was timely and effective

Didn't Like:

- Planning and Collaboration
- Divison of Labor
- Dependencies / Blockers due to workflow
- Time Constraints of Project

Unclear:

- Lack of direction, what important things to include during development
- Group/Individual Timelines
- Not sure how to start

Should be added:

- **Structured Meetings and Structured Workflow**
- More even workload
- Early planning

**Bolded Indicates Topic of Discussion**

### Structured Meetings and Workflow

- **Google Calendar invites **
- **Create Issue Template**
  - Due Date
  - Blocker for other issues
  - Status Items, Etc
- **Flow Chart (Maybe Using Github Actions)**

### Communication

- Review PR's if needed whenever they come up
- Otherwise, good communication
- Don't be afraid to ask questions

### Timelines

- **Spring Planning Meeting for Issues**
  - Assignment of Issues
  - Discussion of Priorities
  - Creation

### Issues/Github

- Development and Iteration done well
- **Break down issues by FEATURE**
- Having pairs for issues?

### Planning

- Need to agree on design specifics during meeting, so that style is coordinated during development
- Create more structured timeline / due dates for issues

### Admin/Important things

- Lack of direction from Powell in terms of what to include from a dev/github/actions/wiki/etc.
