# Group 23 Meeting Notes 5/17
### Meeting Type
**Weekly meeting check-in (sprint 1)**

### Attendance

*Present*
- Daniel
- Brooke
- David
- Nick
- Benji
- Esha
- Sravya
- Ravi
- Teresa
- Shambhavi
- Andy

*Absent*


### Location

in-person at Geisel

### Meeting Time/Place

5/17 12:00 - 1:00 PM

## Agenda

- go over stand-up bot
- go over github organization
- checking-in on everyones progress for tasks

### Unresolved Business

None

## Action Items

- covered a template for commit messages
- how to close an issue (github projects)/move it over to testig
- discussed who is making html boilerplate for the notes
- discussed Markdown editor chosen
- discussed how to implement/features of submit button and autosave 
- discussed how we want to do the gallery view for the notes
- have things finalized by Wednesday, for retrospective on Thursday 
- make sure to have unit tests for your own code



### Items for Future Discussion
- retrospective on Thursday 
- sprint review on Friday
- soft code deadline Monday
- have things finalized by Wednesday


