# Group 23 Meeting Notes MM/DD 
### Meeting Type
General pre-sprint meeting

### Attendance
_Present_
- David Anwyl
- Sravya Chittuluri
- Teresa Tian
- Esha Thakur
- Shambhavi Mittal
- Brooke Truong
- Andy Zhang
- Benjamin Ryujin
- Ravi Shende
- Daniel Luo
- Nicholas Guo

_Absent_
None

### Location
Geisel Library

### Meeting Time/Place
5/24, 12 - 1 PM

## Agenda

### Unresolved Business
- Finishing first Sprint by Sunday

### New Items
- Fixing bugs in CSS
- Update functionality to datelink function
- Add issues & descriptions to github, update github projects (due dates, priority, etc.)
  - All optional features are already in the backlog, just need proper descriptions, parent/child issues, etc.
- Delete old branches
- Write more unit tests
- Write E2E tests
- Add linter (ESLint) to pipeline

- Assign tasks for next sprint, divide into subtasks.
  - Accomplishments page
  - Export into markdown functionality
    

### Items for Future Discussion
- Adding streaks, electron.js, reminders


## Decisions & Reasonings
- Adding reminders would be too difficult of a task
- Our way of exporting markdown files would not permit importing, but that is fine.

## Action Items
- Finish this week's sprint activities by Sunday
- Start next week's sprint activities
