# Group 23 Meeting Notes 04/19 
### Meeting Type
Sprint planning meeting

### Attendance
- Leader: Sravya Chittuluri, _Present_
- Leader: Ravi Shende, _Present_
- Designer: Benjamin Ryujin, _Present_
- Dev: Brooke Truong, _Present_
- Dev: Nicholas Guo, _Present_
- Dev: Daniel Luo, _Present_
- Dev: David Anwyl, _Present_
- Dev: Shambhavi Mittal, _Present_
- Dev: Teresa Tian, _Present_
- Dev: Andy Zhang, _Absent_
- Dev: Esha Thakur, _Absent_

### Location
- Geisel Library
  
### Meeting Time/Place
- 12 PM to 1 PM
  
## Agenda
### Unresolved Business
- Discuss unfinished tasks from last sprint.
### New Items
- Assign new tasks for new sprint on the Google Doc, [Task breakdown doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10DLbZnU68YSig6NmHcDMddFVHSvNxoco0sVHha5I9CU/edit?usp=sharing)
- Discuss what things have yet to be finished by each team member, [Unfinished Tasks doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z5arWewwdUqMu7Uu5Ic_DlLbKMPsTmXjEKrC_PoDvtc/edit?usp=sharing)
- Discussed GitHub projects workflow
  - Make sure all team members understand how to comment on PRs as well as status updates.
- Code Cleanup, HTML, CSS, and JS.
- Adding <noscript> tags in case of no JS. 
- Separate teams into testing teams and docs teams.
- Help Daniel with Accomplishments page

### Items for Future Discussion
- Sprint adjustments as needed

## Decisions & Reasonings
- All code should be finalized by Friday due to the repository freeze.
