# Group 23 Meeting Notes 6/7 

### Meeting Type
General post-sprint meeting

### Attendance

All Present 
Teresa Tian
Daniel Luo
David Anwyl
Nicholas Guo
Ravi Shende
Brooke Truong
Esha Thakur
Sravya Chittuluri
Shambhavi Mittal
Andy Zhang
Benjamin Ryujin

### Location
Geisel Library

### Meeting Time/Place
6/7, 12 - 1 PM

## Agenda
Worked on final retro document and reflected on the project in Final Retro: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUvwCVKXoKAtFyK0QuPQeLURnTFyCpv9RAFYkvi_jao/edit#heading=h.naczunge9xlv 
Discussed as a team what went well or not in the second sprint 
Discussed final video preparation 

### Unresolved Business
JUnit tests 

### New Items
Estimation on how long each issue will take 
We should be able to look how many hours each person is assigned to so no one is taking on too much or too little. 
A master document to break down step-by-step issue tracking for each person 
Add the specific task to the pull request 

### Items for Future Discussion
Styles are sometimes assumed in the issue, creating confusion for who is responsible for styling 

## Decisions & Reasonings
The final video will discuss items listed in the 

## Action Items
Read posts in the general channel about the video. 
Make a document to keep track of what everyone is saying so we cover all necessary points. 
Zoom call for the introduction 
Edit video with lebron meme (Benji, Brooke) 
